New extension layout (#4489)
microsoft/typescript-go: _extension/README.md

```jsonc
{
    // UI Setting:
    // TypeScript 7 > Experimental: Use Tsgo
    "js/ts.experimental.useTsgo": true,

>     // Optional: use an @typescript/native-preview package or tsgo binary directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Optional: use a local '@typescript/native-preview' package or 'tsgo' binary directory.
```
